questions.md, before:


# Bertelsmann Next Gen Tech Booster Scholarship: questions to prep for the Final Assessment.

## Table of Contents

1.  [Technical](#technical-questions)
   - [HTML](#html)
   - [CSS](#css)
   - [Javascript](#javascript)
   - [Javascript General](#javascript-general)

2. [General](#general-questions)

## Technical Questions

Most of the technical questions should have a three sentence response in the EUE format:

- **Explanation**
- **Use**
- **Example**

### HTML

- [x] T-HTML-1) What does HTML stands for?
  - **Explanation:** HTML stands for Hypertext Markup Language.
  - **Use:** “Hypertext” is included in the “http” you see at the start of URLs in the browser, as it’s part of how browsers will know how to render what you provide.
  - **Example:** 
```html
<head>
    <title>Href Attribute Example</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Hello World</h1>
    <p>Test</p>
  </body>
```
  - **Source:** Udacity

- [x] T-HTML-2) What is HTML?
  - **Explanation:** HTML is a sequence of tags that tell web browser how to make or show a web page. The code you write is annotated with keywords. These keywords allow the browser to read your code and then to produce is as a set of visual experiences for a user.
  - **Use:** Tells the browser it is rendering an HTML document -> how organize the text or videos on your web page's ect.
  - **Example:** Nearly every web document using HTML will start with this: `<!DOCTYPE html>`
  - **Source:** Udacity

- [x] T-HTML-3) What does a doctype do?
  - **Explanation:** Instructions to the browser about what version of HTML the webpage is written in, ensuring the web page is parsed the same way across web browsers.
  - **Use:** It's the first line of code in the HTML document.
  - **Example:** For an HTML5 document the tag would be `<!DOCTYPE html>`
  - **Source:** https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/what-is-the-doctype-declaration-in-html/

- [x] T-HTML-4) What is the job of target attribute?
  - **Explanation:** With the target attribute, you can specify where to open the document.
  - **Use:** It's the first line of code in the HTML document.
  - **Example:** Syntax `<form target="_blank|_self|_parent|_top |framename ">`
Attribute Values:
    </br>_blank: It opens the link in a new window.
    </br>_self: It is the default value. It opens the linked document in the same frame.
    </br>_parent: It opens the linked document in the parent frameset.
    </br>_top: It opens the linked document in the full body of the window.
    framename: It opens the linked document in the named frame.
  - **Source:** https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/html-link-target-attribute/

Commit message:

Add proper use of the target

questions.md, after:


# Bertelsmann Next Gen Tech Booster Scholarship: questions to prep for the Final Assessment.

## Table of Contents

1.  [Technical](#technical-questions)
   - [HTML](#html)
   - [CSS](#css)
   - [Javascript](#javascript)
   - [Javascript General](#javascript-general)

2. [General](#general-questions)

## Technical Questions

Most of the technical questions should have a three sentence response in the EUE format:

- **Explanation**
- **Use**
- **Example**

### HTML

- [x] T-HTML-1) What does HTML stands for?
  - **Explanation:** HTML stands for Hypertext Markup Language.
  - **Use:** “Hypertext” is included in the “http” you see at the start of URLs in the browser, as it’s part of how browsers will know how to render what you provide.
  - **Example:** 
```html
<head>
    <title>Href Attribute Example</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Hello World</h1>
    <p>Test</p>
  </body>
```
  - **Source:** Udacity

- [x] T-HTML-2) What is HTML?
  - **Explanation:** HTML is a sequence of tags that tell web browser how to make or show a web page. The code you write is annotated with keywords. These keywords allow the browser to read your code and then to produce is as a set of visual experiences for a user.
  - **Use:** Tells the browser it is rendering an HTML document -> how organize the text or videos on your web page's ect.
  - **Example:** Nearly every web document using HTML will start with this: `<!DOCTYPE html>`
  - **Source:** Udacity

- [x] T-HTML-3) What does a doctype do?
  - **Explanation:** Instructions to the browser about what version of HTML the webpage is written in, ensuring the web page is parsed the same way across web browsers.
  - **Use:** It's the first line of code in the HTML document.
  - **Example:** For an HTML5 document the tag would be `<!DOCTYPE html>`
  - **Source:** https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/what-is-the-doctype-declaration-in-html/

- [x] T-HTML-4) What is the job of target attribute?
  - **Explanation:** With the target attribute, you can specify where to open the document.
  - **Use:** The target attribute can be used on the following elements: `<a>`, `<area>`, `<base>`, `<form>`.
  - **Example:** Syntax `<form target="_blank|_self|_parent|_top |framename ">`
Attribute Values:
    </br>_blank: It opens the link in a new window.
    </br>_self: It is the default value. It opens the linked document in the same frame.
    </br>_parent: It opens the linked document in the parent frameset.
    </br>_top: It opens the linked document in the full body of the window.
    framename: It opens the linked document in the named frame.
  - **Source:** https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/html-link-target-attribute/
